Introduce `remote-extension-up` make target (#102)
gardener/gardener-extension-shoot-rsyslog-relp: docs/development/getting-started-remotely.md

```bash
make configure-shoot SHOOT_NAME=<shoot-name> SHOOT_NAMESPACE=<shoot-namespace>
```

This command will deploy an rsyslog relp echo server in your Shoot cluster in the `rsyslog-relp-echo-server` namespace.
It will also add configuration for the `shoot-rsyslog-relp` extension to your `Shoot` spec by patching it with `./example/extension/<shoot-name>--<shoot-namespace>--extension-config-patch.yaml`. This file is automatically copied from `extension-config-patch.yaml.tmpl` in the same directory when you run `make configure-shoot` for the first time. The file also includes explanations of the properties you should set or change.
The command will also deploy the `rsyslog-relp-tls` secret in case you wish to enable tls.

## Tearing Down the Development Environment

To tear down the development environment, delete the Shoot cluster or disable the `shoot-rsyslog-relp` extension in the Shoot's specification. When the extension is not used by the Shoot anymore, you can run:

```bash
make remote-extension-down
```

> The make target will delete the ControllerDeployment and ControllerRegistration of the extension, and the registry-cache admission helm deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The make target will delete the ControllerDeployment and ControllerRegistration of the extension, and the shoot-rsyslog-relp admission helm deployment.
```
